wrenches the waffle past casserole
[Music]
random cheap strong man's asleep we can
finally watch not football what do you
mean there's nothing else good on course
there is it's Thanksgiving Day hello I'm
a king of town here is an important
message about Thanksgiving safety
specifically the dangers of not frying a
turkey each year thousands of families
suffer from not fried turkeys so please
this Thanksgiving don't be a jerky fry
that Turkey there's nothing to worry
about Turkey Joel even though I'm going
to gut you and rip your entrails out
with my hand I'm gonna grind them up
with some rosemary and sage and shove
them right back up there isn't that
great all right are you turkey
liberators out there here's how we make
marzipan famous Thanksgiving faux
ducking we stuff millet inside of bulgur
inside of meatless veggie nuggets inside
of tip Bay injected into bean curd
wrapped in fakin bacon and baked inside
a pair of hip toddler pants ah well
pilgrims it looks like all we're getting
this year is another lame Thanksgiving
special at least we didn't get stuck
with secretary appreciation day I think
you mean Administrative Professionals
Day here's your coffee sir
nice God sweet cheeks attention holiday
shoppers boobs Frannie starts Thursday
line forms at 1:00 a.m.
doors open a do a him shoving and
trampling start promptly at 2:05
followed by tear gas and riot police at
2:50 come on moms you know you wanna
beat each other up over some stupid
kids toy and if you draw blood you just
might make it onto this year's edition
of Sami fights oh I guess you're right
to cheat there's nothing else good on oh
well
pass me that gravy boat we now return to
the second half of the 2007 falling
asleep on the couch watching football
[Music]